{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I have provided some notes of my troubleshooting below the code of both the html and currently used js files. These are just a fraction of the notes I took, but should indicate my thought process. I hope these may give you some insight into the way I problem-solve, and help to identify the errors in my process.\
\
I also want to provide more detail on the amount of effort and time I put into this project than is displayed in the final product. Not counting my first attempt, I spent over 12 hours alone re-doing this assignment. I back to the drawing board, writing out the original .js as pseudocode. Then I wrote second draft as pseudocode, using the errors as indicators of logical pitfalls to avoid. After that was complete, began coding the .js, including pseudocode above each line. I also regularly checked my code for errors, and wrote down which line I was on and the console alerts. \
\
I can\'92t necessarily show you my process and labor I\'92ve put in, but each day I had multiple pages open with tabs cluttering the window bar. I could perhaps find a screenshot of examples, but I have utilized MDN, W3, stackoverflow, api.jquery, forum.jquery, codepen.io, coreu.io, and more.\
\
With all of this taken into account, I'm not sure exactly how to move forward. I have a tutoring session scheduled for tomorrow, where I will use the hangman project as a tool for learning. If you are able to see any consistent or large logical issues I am having, or resources and strategies I have not already used, please let me know.\
\
Thank you - Kyle\
}